Dad?
It's you, Dad, are you really all right?
I'm not dreaming
You are not dreaming
It's really okay.
What the hell is going on?
It's all thanks to Xiaolong
Someone let me die
Occupy the Heavenly Gun Group
The little dragon will count
Let me blow up
A snake comes out of the hole
So it was really his doing.
Right.
Then apologize to me
Apologize for what?
You impersonate the Dragon Emperor
I haven't settled the bill with you yet.
By the way, the Asura God of War is here
I want to complain to him.
What are you complaining about?
I want to meet the Dragon Emperor
I just want him to help me plead with you
Then he told me that the Dragon Emperor was waiting for me at the hotel
So I went, and then I went.
It was found that he was wearing a mask and faked it.
If he is a fake
Then there is no real Dragon Emperor in this world
What do you mean?
You are so stupid
Except for the Dragon Emperor
Who else can make Asura God of War follow orders?
Are you really the Dragon Emperor?
Then what?
Do you want to be the Dragon Emperor's Lady?
You dare to refuse me to block your dog leg
I was forced by my dad
Let's go then. Let's get married.